feat: add `stats/base/ndarray/dmeanli` (#8492)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/dmeanli/README.md

    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/stdlib-js/stdlib@42d8f64d805113ab899c79c7c39d6c6bac7fe25c/lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/mean/docs/img/equation_arithmetic_mean.svg" alt="Equation for the arithmetic mean.">
    <br>
</div> -->

<!-- </equation> -->

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dmeanli = require( '@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/dmeanli' );
```

#### dmeanli( arrays )

Computes the [arithmetic mean][arithmetic-mean] of a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray using a one-pass trial mean algorithm.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/ctor' );

var xbuf = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 3.0, 4.0, 2.0 ] );
var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var v = dmeanli( [ x ] );
// returns 2.5
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray.

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   If provided an empty one-dimensional ndarray, the function returns `NaN`.

> -   The underlying algorithm is a specialized case of Welford's algorithm using a trial mean, and accuracy is best when data is not pathologically ordered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The underlying algorithm is a specialized case of Welford's algorithm. Similar to the method of assumed mean, the first ndarray element is used as a trial mean. The trial mean is subtracted from subsequent data values, and the average deviations used to adjust the initial guess. Accordingly, the algorithm's accuracy is best when data is **unordered** (i.e., the data is **not** sorted in either ascending or descending order such that the first value is an "extreme" value).
```
